[NARRATOR] Previously,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai,
the title match of the World
Martial Arts Tournament
kicked off between a coolly
unstoppable Number 18
and a terrified Mr. Satan.
Things looked grim
for the defending champ
when out of the blue,
his opponent offered to
let him keep his crown in
exchange for a sizeable payoff.
Relieved to be spared of
the humiliation of defeat,
Mr. Satan accepted,
and the tournament
drew to a crowd-pleasing close.
Meanwhile, a heated
battle is underway
on the third stage
of Babidi's ship,
where the Demon King Dabura
stands between our heroes
and their quest
to prevent the evil wizard
from reviving Majin Buu.
Like his father,
and Vegeta before him,
Gohan has opted to fight alone--
but even at his full power,
the young Saiyan
is finding victory
far more difficult to secure.
Has Gohan met his match?
[GOHAN]
Oh no. Aaah!
[DABURA]
There you are!
[GOHAN yells]
Is that really the best
you can do all powered-up?
[GOHAN]
Don't you worry!
I may have let my guard
down for a minute,
but it's not happening
again. Trust me.
[DABURA]
Mmm.
♪ Opening Song ♪
[GOKU] I've got to
hand it to him;
Dabura's a lot stronger
than we thought.
Ha! Maybe so
but not invincible.
Your boy's a disgrace.
Look at him; he fought better
when he was a toddler!
Get with it, Gohan! Ugh.
Bet you'll be hittin'
the gym after this, huh?
Tch. If he survives.
C'mon, vary it up more.
His pattern's getting
way too obvious.
He's telegraphing all his moves.
[VEGETA] Augh!
Pathetic. Just look at him.
Like he's never fought
a day in his life.
[chuckles]
Oh yeah?
[GOHAN]
You got it!
Look out! Don't let
his spit touch your skin!
[GOHAN]
Nice try!
Heh.
Whoa. That was
a pretty close shave.
[BABIDI] Confound it, Dabura!
What are you playing at?
Stop fooling around
and end it!
Inflict some damage!
Yes, serve them all up on a
silver platter to Majin Buu!
[GOHAN yells]
[DABURA groans]
[GOHAN bellows]
[DABURA]
Goodbye!
Aah!
[DABURA chuckles]
Now that's what
I'm talking about!
[chuckles]
[grunts]
[VEGETA grunts]
This is utterly ridiculous.
[yells]
[DABURA grunts]
[GOHAN yells]
[DABURA]
What?
[VEGETA grunts]
How long am I expected
to watch this?
All right, it's time I put
an end to this mockery!
Now hold on just a second.
It's not like Gohan's
already lost or anything,
so that means
it's still his turn!
I don't care!
I'm not here for this!
[DABURA]
Hmmm.
[VEGETA] That's right; these
fools don't interest me.
You're what I'm
in this for, Kakarot!
You think I signed up for the
tournament to win a prize?
This nonsense has
dragged on long enough!
Like it or not,
Gohan's had his chance!
[chuckles]
[GOHAN gasps]
[DABURA] Master, please;
you must return us
to the ship at once.
I've learned something useful.
And that would be what?
Something to make
him revive faster.
Is that so? You're
absolutely certain of it?
[DABURA]
Almost.
[BABIDI]
Eh. Good enough.
--[DABURA] Sir.
--[BABIDI] Papparapapa!
[DABURA chuckles]
[GOHAN]
Aah!
[VEGETA]
What? Where are we--
[GOKU]
Whoa. We're back on the ship.
[GOHAN]
Hey! Where are you going?
[DABURA chuckles]
Oh, don't worry.
You're not done yet.
There's simply no need
for me to fight.
Not when there's
a far better contender.
[VEGETA huffs]
[laughs]
Wait! Hold on!
[SUPREME KAI]
I don't believe it!
Dabura, king of the Demon World,
walking away from a challenge.
[SUPREME KAI]
And what does he mean,
"there's a
far better contender"?
So, then. This news.
I trust it's worth
halting things for?
Yes.
[BABIDI] And I trust you
weren't simply grasping for
a convenient excuse
to get out of being
pummeled by our guests.
Hmph! Fear not, Master.
The boy was nowhere near
getting the drop on me.
Yes, never mind.
Now, tell me this "useful" news
you had me pull you back for.
You'll be pleased to know
that one of the three
has a heart pumping
with pure evil.
Evil enough, in fact,
that turning him over
to our side
should be child's play.
Delicious! We wouldn't even
have to bother about them;
just set him on his former
friends and relax.
Then in no time--
Majin Buu will walk among us.
[BABIDI laughs intensely]
Bravo, Dabura!
Well done! Well done!
[BABIDI, DABURA laugh]
[GOKU]
Huh?
[grunts]
Yeah, something's not
right about this. I dunno.
[VEGETA]
Nothing is right about this!
What were you doing out there?
You should've had him!
Every time you
throw down the gauntlet,
you represent the
Saiyan race; which means
when you fight badly,
we all look like fools!
You go too easy
on your opponents!
Always opting for mercy
when you should be vicious!
That is no way to win!
Power is for those
who can be ruthless.
Not bleeding hearts who shrink
from dealing the final blow.
Survival of the fittest!
Plain and simple!
Take a good look at yourself.
Two of your friends' lives
were in the balance.
Agh! And you crumbled!
[gasps]
[GOHAN] He's right.
Piccolo and Krillin.
If I'd defeated Dabura,
they could've been
turned back to normal.
All right, that's enough.
Cut him some slack, Vegeta.
The fight was just starting;
he hadn't found his stride, yet.
I'll deal with you momentarily.
It's high time we put
this nonsense to bed.
I want to settle the score
between us for good!
Ugh! I can't believe
I let it go on for so long.
Babidi, Dabura, Majin Buu:
I'll roast them all,
along with this ship!
Everyone brace yourselves!
[SUPREME KAI]
No, Vegeta! Don't!
You have no idea what
you're about to unleash
on the world by doing this!
Majin Buu is devastation
and destruction personified!
A creature of the purest
dark magic against whom
not even the four Kai
could stand!
Who cares?
If you reawaken him,
nothing will survive!
Do you understand me? Nothing!
Earth will be transformed
into a barren wasteland!
Every single living creature
will be wiped out!
So what?
[gasps]
You think the earth's
fate weighs on me?
Let it die for all I care!
It's never been my home!
How can you say such a thing?
I believe the Kai
told you to knock it off.
Unhand me!
[sighs]
I can't help but feel like
this is all a set up.
Yes. Without a doubt
its a ploy to hasten
Majin Buu's revival.
Babidi requires your energy.
Which of course,
begs the question...
What was Dabura talking about?
Makes me uneasy.
That whole thing
about a better contender.
He's the king of
the Demon World, right?
Who does he mean?
Wait, no! It's can't be!
Oh dear.
[BABIDI laughs]
Oh, he's not
like the others at all!
An excellent call, Dabura!
Heh. His heart's
as black as coal!
This one didn't come here to
fight the good fight, did he?
No.
Oh-ho! You've done
exceptionally well!
[laughs]
We can let him do
all the work for us.
He'll engage them in battle
while we siphon off
their energy.
Majin Buu is as good
as awakened, Master.
[laughs]
Show me what you're
made of. Make us proud.
[yells]
Papparapapa!
[laughs intensely]
[yells]
[groans]
Vegeta, what's wrong?
[BOTH gasp]
[yells in agony]
Oh, no! I knew it!
[VEGETA groans]
[yells]
[BOTH gasp]
[VEGETA grunts]
This can't be good.
What's happening to him?
Vegeta, please! Keep control!
Babidi's exploiting
your negative emotions
to make you his puppet!
[yells]
He's doing what?
What does that mean?
Babidi. He's sensed
the animosity Vegeta feels
toward you and is using it
to manipulate him.
You're telling me
Vegeta's the contender
Dabura was talking about?
[VEGETA groans]
Listen! You must
empty your mind!
Let go of your
negative feelings!
Don't speak to me!
I've had it with you!
[groans]
Yes, yes; that's it.
You're in my clutches now!
[laughs]
Let's find out what happens
when I push your strength
beyond its
natural limit, shall we?
[laughs, yells]
[VEGETA groans]
What's happening?
[yells]
[panting]
[GOKU]
Wow!
[GOHAN]
Vegeta!
You've got to fight it!
Don't let Babidi call the shots!
[VEGETA yells]
[GOKU]
Gohan!
[VEGETA groans]
I'm okay.
[VEGETA yells]
[VEGETA bellows]
[VEGETA continues]
[BOTH grunt]
So much energy.
It's incredible!
[SUPREME KAI]
What have you done, Babidi?
[laughs intensely]
[yells]
[VEGETA yells]
Vegeta, no!
You all right?
Come on. Say something.
No! Don't!
[VEGETA breathes quaveringly]
He's beyond hope.
This can't be.
[laughs intensely]
[ALL gasp]
Oh no.
Vegeta! You've got to
snap out of this, please!
[SUPREME KAI] Foul sorcerer;
are there no depths
you won't plumb to advance
your insidious plot?
[VEGETA chuckles]
[BABIDI laughs]
Welcome to the family!
You'll make a fine addition.
Ba-ha! Now. Why don't we put
you in a proper fighting venue?
Papparapapa!
Ugh! Not again!
Brace yourselves!
There's no telling
where he'll transport us!
[CROWD cheering]
Yeah!
[laughs]
[yells]
[ALL]
Mr. Satan! He's our man!
If he can't do it, no one can!
[chuckles]
I am the world champion!
That's right!
All hail, the champ!
Aah! Gah! I love you!
[laughs]
Uh. Are we...
back at the tournament?
[BOTH]
Uh...
[GOHAN] Could this be
some sort of trick?
Looks like the real thing to me.
'Kay. So where'd
those guys come from?
[MAN 22C]
I was about to ask you that.
Come on guys? Seriously?
Do you have to appear
in front of everyone.
Something seems a little off.
[CHICHI, BULMA panting]
See? Told ya!
There's my boy!
They came back!
Huh. Fat lot of good
that does now.
They've already given
the championship belt
back to that clown. Wish me
luck paying the mortgage.
Wait a sec. You think
they'll redistribute
the prize money
if my boy tramples him
in front of the crowd?
Uh, probably not.
Well, they should!
It's only fair if the man
can't hold his own
five minutes after the judges
hand him the belt!
That's not really how it works.
Huh, that's interesting.
I think you all
ought to have a look.
[YAMCHA, CHICHI, BULMA]
Huh?
A-ha-ha! Where did you all
tear off to, if I may ask?
Sad to say but you are all
a bit late to the party.
Look out!
[VEGETA bellows]
[yells]
[chuckles]
[BABIDI]
Now let's see.
Ah! That's right! Vegeta!
[laughs]
Time for you to be a good
henchman and do my bidding.
Sap their energy
until they're drained.
Then bring it back to me!
Silence! I am here
for Kakarot!
Th-The others are beneath me!
Vegeta. You didn't.
Oh-ho! And still he resists!
My, such an incredibly stubborn
specimen we have here!
Whatever shall I do with you?
Heh. So hard
to find good help.
What in the world's
gotten into him?
I--He--
I don't like this. The whole
situation is off base.
[ROSHI grunts]
[MR. SATAN]
This--This isn't happening.
This can't be happening!
It's like a nightmare reunion!
[MR. SATAN] How are these guys
even still around?
Hm.
[NARRATOR]
Though not in full control,
Babidi has cast his dark spell
over Vegeta's heart.
Now, the stage is set
for the grudge match
to end all grudge matches,
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
So this is Babidi's plan.
He's trying to force me and
Vegeta to fight each other
here at the tournament grounds
and in front of
all these people!
[BULMA]
Snap out of it, Vegeta!
You can't just blow up the arena
with spectators still in it!
Ugh! Are you out of your mind?
[GOKU] Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[GOHAN] Darn it, Babidi.
That's just playing dirty!